perf(rum): remove debug logs on production build (#245)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/intro.asciidoc

</script>
----

> NOTE: Currently the optimized(minified + gzipped) JavaScript bundle size is about 16KiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Currently the optimized (minified + gzipped) JavaScript bundle size is about 16KiB.
```

[float]
[[using-production-build]]
=== Using Production Build

> By default, RUM agent logs all the debug messages to the browser console. These logs are very useful in development. However, they make the RUM agent bundle size larger so you should make sure to use the optimized production version when deploying your application.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing to me: "However, they make the RUM agent bundle size larger so you should make sure to use the optimized production version when deploying your application." What about reworking the entire paragraph? Something like this reads a bit easier to me:

```suggestion
By default, the RUM agent logs all debug messages to the browser console.
While these logs are very useful in development, they increase the RUM agent bundle size.
For this reason, make sure to use the optimized production version when deploying your application.
You can find instructions for building optimized code, with different bundlers, below.
```

Author: Yeah simpler, As always thanks @bmorelli25 😄

> You can find instructions for building optimized code below for different bundlers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's wrap this sentence into the previous paragraph since it fits in well there

[float]
==== Webpack

> For optimized webpack production build, include the Environment/Define plugin in the webpack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an optimized webpack production build, include the Environment/Define plugin in the webpack configuration.
```
Does an "an" make sense here?

[source, js]
----
const { EnvironmentPlugin } = require('webpack')

plugins: [
  new EnvironmentPlugin({
    NODE_ENV: 'production'
  })
]
----

> You can learn more about this in https://webpack.js.org/plugins/environment-plugin[Webpack documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more in the https://webpack.js.org/plugins/environment-plugin[Webpack documentation].
```

[float]
==== Rollup

> For optimized rollup production build, include the replace plugin which ensures the right build environment is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an optimized rollup production build, include the replace plugin to ensure the right build environment is used. 
```

Does an "an" make sense here?
